Block number 99 now.
And $50,000 to start it.
I have $50,000 towards 50 and 5.
$55,000 in front.
At $60,000.
$65,000.
$70,000.
$75,000.
$80,000.
$85,000.
$90,000.
$95,000 now.
I have $95,000 towards 95 against the room now.
At $95,000, $100,000 now.
At $100,000.
I have $100,000 on the right side now.
I have $100,000 towards 100.
If it is right side, at $100,000.
For the right, it's 57 for 100.
There we go.
But, lot number 100 and a half is the shape wheel.
$500,000 in shortage.
I have $500,000 for it.
$500,000.
$550,000 now.
$550,000.
$500,000.
$600,000.
I have $600,000 for it.
$600,000 is up front here.
$600,000.
I have $600,000 for it.
I have $750,000 now.
$800,000 on the phone.
$850,000.
I have $850,000 now.
I have $850,000 on the right side.
$900,000.
$950,000.
$1 million on the right.
$1,050,000 is here.
$1,001 at the back.
$1,150,000.
I have $1,150,000 at the desk now.
$1,002,000.
$1,250,000.
$1,003,000.
$1,350,000.
One million four.
One million four fifty.
One million five.
One million five fifty.
One million five fifty vegetables.
There is acid F. And one million six.
One million six hundred and fifty.
There is acid F. And one million six hundred and fifty thousand now.
One million eight.
One million eight hundred fifty thousand.
I have one million eight hundred fifty thousand now.
I do this.
One million nine.
Look at this.
That's $1,900,000.
That's $1,900,000 now on the aisle in the center of the room.
That's $1,900,000 all done now.
Yours, $1,900,000.
Whoo!
Thank you.